[Docs] DSL docs additions (#339)
player-ui/player: docs/site/pages/dsl/index.mdx

  },
};
```

> _Note: The `Navigation` type we're importing here from the `@player-ui/types` package is different than the `Navigation` type from the `@player-tools/dsl` package. The former is the basic TypeScript definition for what Navigation in Player is. The latter  has specific replacements to take string/expression/react objects where normal objects would be defined._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Note: The `Navigation` type we're importing here from the `@player-ui/types` package is different than the `Navigation` type from the `@player-tools/dsl` package. The former is the core definition for what the Navigation section of Player content is. The latter has specific replacements to take DSL constructs where normal objects would be defined._
```
